Privacy Policy 


Amit Rudberg built the Super Baby app as an Ad Supported app. 
This SERVICE is provided by Amit Rudberg at no cost and is intended for use as is. 


This page is used to inform visitors
regarding my policies with the collection,
use, and disclosure of Personal
Information if anyone decided to use my Service. 


If you choose to use my Service, 
then you agree to the use of information in this privacy policy. 
I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. 


Information Collection and Use 


I do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information in this app. 
The  information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way, 
unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. 
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. 


Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app 


• Google Play Services

• https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=iw 


• Unity

• https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy



Saves 


This app saves small files on your phone using unity’s PlayerPrefs system. 
They contain small amounts of data including but not limited to 
your settings in game, and your player level and cosmetics. 
They are meant to save your progress in the game while it is not running, 
and cannot contain personal information. 
These files stay on your device and will not be collected and accessed by me in any way. 


Log Data 


I want to inform you that whenever you use my app, 
in a case of an error or a crash I collect data and information (through third-party products) 
on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, 
device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. 
This is done to improve the service and prevent future errors from occurring. 


Links to Other Sites 


This Service may contain links to other sites. 
If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. 
Note that these external sites are not operated by me. 
Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. 
I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the 
content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. 


Ads 


This Service contains ads. 
The content of the ads shown is not controlled by me, 
and is determined by the advertizer, google ads and unity ads. (Links to their privacy policys above)
If you click on an ad, you will be directed to that site or app. 
Note that these external sites and apps are not operated by me. 

Therefore, I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, or practices of any ads shown in the game. 


Children’s Privacy 


Although these Services do address children under the age of 13, 
I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. 
This app does not collect data from any users, but in the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, 
I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, 
please contact me so that I will be able to take the necessary actions. 


Changes to This Privacy Policy 


I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. 
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. 
I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 


This policy is effective as of 2022-07-15 


Contact Me 


If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy,
do not hesitate to contact me at Rudbergstudios2007@gmail.com.

